There were some changes made or really some things that were beginning to be allowed inside of six.
Now as we already know with prototypes they're one of the foundational building blocks of object oriented
programming in javascript.
Now with that being said whenever javascript was first around people weren't really given a lot of control
over manipulating prototypes.
But then as people got more and more familiar with how they worked they wanted more control over it
as is typically the case.
So with that being said one of the biggest assumptions that was made with javascript is once you create
an object an instance of another object you know the prototype is set in place either by instantiating
the object with a constructor or using object create.
Now that is no longer the case inside of 6.
You can actually directly manipulate the prototype and change the prototype chain of an object that
you create.
Also I misspelled produ I think.
No idea in prototypes.
There we go.
Cool.
So for example let's say we make a objects called Person and inside of here we have a calling which
is hello.
Then we have not a semi-colon then we have like say an animal and it also has a calling and we'll call
it how you like.
So now with that being said what I'll do is I'll make a new object and I'll call it friend and I'll
do this by doing object created and then person like so now at this point the prototype chain is linked
to.
So now if I do something like cancelled.
Whoops did I write it correctly or will the ever friend calling.
You'll see that it actually prints out.
Hello.
Because as we already learned whenever there's a property that's not available on the current object
then it doesn't exist on the current object.
It's going to go up the prototype chain to its ancestors and see if that's available.
It's one of the foundations of inheritance inside of Javascript.
So originally all we could do is get the prototype.
So for example I could do a concert or log objects doget prototype.
And then I could specify whatever prototype on a get and see if it's equal to a person for example and
this will print out true right here.
And so this is all we could originally do.
But in iOS 6 we have what's called Set prototype.
So what this allows us to do is to pass in an object and then pass in another object.
And essentially what will happen is the first argument is the prototype we want to set on.
And the second argument is the prototype we want to set it to.
So I'll give you an example of this will do.
Object set prototype of.
In the first argument will be the objects that we want to set.
So that would be friend.
And now the prototype chain we want to set it to.
So in this case animal and last but not least.
Now if I cancelled log my calling like so go down here the bottom you're going to see now it actually
says Oh.
So we actually have direct control over the prototypes of our objects now which is pretty cool.